It is the tenth race first Ichiban sqs Mr. Ibaraki piece and station
Kentaro Suzuki 's sake from No. 2 in Osaka during the day has become a missing place
Yamada Yuji mis-bombing Fukushima Fushimi 4 th riff and about 6 Izumi Turkey
No. 7 Ibaraki Nishiyama, Takahiro No. 8 cross-ku, executives No. 9 Fukushima Watanabe, Kazunari Ibaraki
It is a thunder beast race that will be played in a match of eight people
I will send it out
There is sqs 31 wheel Toyoki Takeda that was popular
It is me who leaves the front It is cooperation since the Japanese championship final of March The point where Ushiyama No. 7 was
I am leading a master
It is by far the most popular to take the iron wall Ibaraki that the 15th year player from the prefecture made it the third place .
There are quite a few bleached Central Kinki countryside , Yamada Yuhito Combi here will be ready for a total war
Is not it
Enter the whole formation
We will go into formation before 4 players from now on
Hmm
Lightning Beast Race Special Excellent Competition Launched
It is No. 5 Fushimi Toshiaki of Cure Ne and Watanabe .
Fukushima both side by side , I went to the front and No. 6 Izumida Kiichi is behind Fukushima 0
The 8th cross character Takano Ward that the 4th Yamada Yuji is 4th and there is a while and only 1st
In the meantime, the candidate's two people are No. 2 in the countryside is No. 8 behind No. 17 Ushiyama Takahiro
is
The first stage Watanabe Kazunari Line is a group of three Tohoku Nankan, apparently what is the central area near here .
Countryside is still still at the 7th value currently
It is Watanabe Issei of a baseball team when I see it from theft.
He is in the second week there are two clothes by the difference
Interpretation of a word 2 Hashime of 1 Hashime is Toshiaki Fushimi filtrate mark of the prefecture number 5 is a direct confrontation-up of the country the Ministry of 7
There are 3 pieces of straight day from the finish line
No. 6 Kiichi Izumita sixth fastest in the primary qualifying
It became the driving force behind the training eventful the house Te satisfaction
Third in Fukushima line
It is an atmosphere that Yuda Yamada of No. 4 turns to the fourth bottom of the interruption so far
There is a winner on a day outside the straight line from
Will Takahiro Ushiyama No. 7 be the fifth behind nails? The first run is
Straight out of fifth place and lost to the third and fifth semifinals, but I was surprised
It was Qian high-wrote the preceding game nurses Goto Akiranoto
Derby final comfort collaboration is the best treasure and going there is a relationship between disease and disciple Run 1 run 3
Roll up victory library directly below
You strong popular herself of the eighth Takanobu Jumonji is there behind the first layer same was home et al.
At the very back of the eighth , the original countryside is small 202
The first day jumped the clerk bug competition yesterday of Mount Fuji and rebuilding while losing Bantei auction of Komatsu destination
There was in the final stage
Three laps on day car Na-moving 3 corner Ibaraki trio will continue to follow this said the bird
The 9th is a 3 week 4th corner
Ushiyama will continue to be unfair
Yuji Yamada of No. 4 switched to the claim of the country here
There is one corner of a covered light van and it is slowly lowered
2 people in central Kinki four-fifth fastest behind from the sixth fastest Kabekangae not a moment's five fastest vehicle of
Opened with a photo car
The seventh place warns of cows From 3 corners strongly
Once kingfisher long distance many guy-chan-gurdy
Not even be resistance when Mido away Fushimi was over at once sickle is to have to Fukushima with
Iki is a long story in No. 9 is Fujimi Korea par rice of Go board
Even in this Ushiyama or from third place later in Ibaraki bonds Date of Fukushima urging milestone and wish to repeat Kato or 3
It will be a corner entrance, whether it is sightseeing or sightseeing, cola sparse nurse will fly
The sixth overshadowed rocket rocket age is decided
Myon won't be able to squeeze this Shoal No. 201 cartoon
Ibaraki just in front of the rocket rolling just to say please do not forget me
Whether or not Do Xiang that has left 4000 Deployment together removal from the line Tokushima line
How about 25 clothes and 3 pieces
A player in Yamada's 4th Yamada
I feel like I entered at the first Takeda player 3rd 2nd 4th run
Wait for the decision broadcast Column train
You saw the 10 races and it was a special achievement but how would you beat it?
Yes
I Kedomo is Ushiyama went to the masons who in Well
I felt like I was going to take a break because I was struck, but I put it on again
It is to say repeatedly said the
I think it was an influence , and the country that was wearing legs last
It was in the form of clay com
Takeda part somehow I stepped on
Well there is a feeling that can not keep up with the eighth cross burning Chung there
Fushimi players also still ne there Well I I guess it was speed that can not be handled
Behind it is there but I think that there has been my place if the city of Paris and block elevation
That it might Ka
I will begin but
Now is the final member of the final round of the Joint Team News Agency Cup
Lore Board see we will Yes is the mother # 1 # 6 in many might ne of the most united front was carried out
Murakami But I have become in its place 6 Ban'o Wei was No is & I I and the outside run in parallel
Let Nagatsuka of Tochigi be in Tokyo
He's a good line infantry and he
This is the flower of Aichi flower and its 5th company Miyake Tatsuya of White 4th Okayama .
And Kedomo is No. 5 No. 9 here is that Yuichiro Kamiyama Kamiyama each baseball cap in Tochigi urging number 5
To
Then it is a good platform with the 8th Nishiba, but here too
It is a game with a single horse
Decision
First place second
2nd 4th
3 pieces No. 1
We will inform you of the refund amount for the Fukui Bicycle Race 10 Race .
Frame number continuous victory double war 41 people 2 190 yen
Frame number counter station single person 42 game 2100
40 yen
Double stop valve 34
2 1,030 yen
Car number day single type
24 3,380 yen
South American book width Shiki 24
2 1,030 yen
Sunday 嘗 type
24110,840 yen